Oking Endace module we worked a lot with data.
And now I really want to wrap this all up and summarize what you've learned so that this is all crystal
clear with first of all had a look at async data a method you can add to any view component object to
which you return to your page components.
And that's important.
Which just like fetch is only available in page components.
You can't use it in layouts where abro components async data will be executed on the server.
If you loading the page for the first time or on the client for subsequent clicks and arrogation actions
and if you're running a sync code in there it will wait for that to finish.
If you use that call back and call it or if you return a promise.
One of the two has to be the case.
It will then merge the data you return on the callback or you return from the promise with the data
object you have in a component.
So the object you can add with the normal data method it will merge with that.
Or if you don't have the data method as we do here it will simply set it and from that point on you
can always safely access that data in your template because the template is rendered off tracing data
finished.
It's powerful to fetch page specific data.
If you get data that occurs in multiple places of your app you could look to fetch instead.
Fetch is used just like async data in a page but unlike async data it doesn't merge the data with the
data property of the component.
Instead it stores it in the store at least a few instructed to do so.
You can call the commit method inside their fetch just gets the data and leave it up to you what to
do with it.
It doesn't merged with the data property of the component though.
Now that can be convenient but if you've got a large chunk of data which you need in multiple places
the better approach might be to use a special next server in it.
Action in the index has fallen your store folder here you set up the X store by setting up a factory
function that returns a new store and that special action is always dispatched first on the server.
By next only on the server once you run on the app and the client you'd never execute this again and
therefore you got fast loading times.
These are the different tools you have.
And besides these tools you can of course work with the store just as any average you get.
You can dispatch actions from anywhere including your layouts and Abaroa components.
And you can perform mutations and so on.
It's unnormal Buick's store the special thing of that module really was the thing about the basic data.
The fecche method and the next server in it actually now in the next module we will finally add a real
back end.
So did you get a better feeling for how that works and how Nax place to Gabr with a back end.
Because that can be confusing isn't next already running on the server.
Let's take a closer look in the next module.